https://codepen.io/Vanshika_Pundir/full/VwYBPdM

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    It gives meaning to the elements of a webpage.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    To give structure to the webpage

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attribute is property of an element e.g., color. It can be put either inline in HTML itself or separately in CSS file.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 tag is used for Heading level 1 for HTML page. Ideally, we should use it only once on a page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    anchor tag and image tag

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    The title of the page that appears on the browser window tab.

    7. What is an id? 
    id is the name of the specific element when defined.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any element 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    only 1 time

    10. What is a class? 
    class designates a type of element when defined e.g., there can be multiple description paragraphs in a page.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    any number of times

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add target="_blank" to the a element

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    alternate text in case the image does not load

    15. How do I reference an id?
    using a # sign

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section separates the elements of a page and div is a block of elements that has been grouped together mostly for organized styling purposes

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling the HTML elements

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class is a type that you designate to any element and id is the specific name of the element. e.g., child is a class in a family but Adam refers to specific person

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .className

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human{}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Parent child selector is used in instances where hierarchy is important. It is used for inheritence cases when all properties of parents are passed on to child elements but child elements can have some properties of their own as well.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    #div_id .sidebar{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Pseudo selector is used when we refer to some elements in a certain case e.g., hover pseudo selector is used to give style elements when the pointer hovers over that specific element.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: upperCase;
    text-transform: lowercase;
    text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border : 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* Comment Here */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm file-name
    It does not give any warning and file removal is permanent 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    To control the changes in a program. Version control provides the option to revert to the last stable status in case any error occurs.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    after a significant file change

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push -u origin 

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork > Add TL as Collaborator > Clone using Link > git clone > cd repo-name > git checkout -b > add changes or files > git add > git commit -m > git push -u origin branch-name > Submit Pull Request from Github with TL as your reviewer

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    A block element always start on a new line and takes up 100% of available width e.g., p element. An inline element starts on the same line and takes up width that is necessary e.g., span element.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    It positions itself relative to the last positioned ancestor. If there is none, then it moves along with the page scrolling.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    setting the display property to inline-block

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    block elements - address, p, h1
    inline elements - a, img
    inline-block - button

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
    As per box model, all the elements in HTML can be viewed as a box with properties of margin, border, padding and content. Margin is the space by which the box is seperated from other elements around it. Border forms the outline of the box. Padding is the space between the border and the content of the box. Content is the area where the main contents of elements are situated. 
    There are many problems with this model for example, while setting up the dimensions of the box we need to take into account margin border and padding. Also, it is not the best for responsive design of web pages. We can fix these by using box-sizing property in CSS and setting it to the value of border-box, i.e.,  
    box-sizing: border-box
    It includes padding and borders in the width and height elements now.

